hey everyone at sea infamous dr. Q here
and this is Assassin's Creed 3 sequence
12 memory one laid to rest
100% synchronization you're going to
want to make sure you have a silent
ranged projectile for this I'm not doing
any upgrades or anything so I'm just
using a basic old arrow but bow and
arrow for it's it's towards the end of
it but you just want to make sure you
have that so you can discreetly kill
someone very end of this so you walk out
to the funeral your dear departed pas
and then you get some fisticuffs going
on now you're limited to 15 kills which
unfortunately punching these guys out
counts as kills and then you have to go
clear out the the cemetery area and it's
a total of 13 kills all around so you
can only kill two people when you eat on
the boat kind of sucks
so clearly these jokers I picked up a
musket just to have some fun
this guy goes fuck's up my kill streak
yeah so you uh ko this dude and then he
gives you some information tells you to
go down to the harbour
so you swim out to the boat and this is
the approach that I take to infiltrating
the boat now for some nonsense
arbitrary reason you have to go out on a
certain part of the boat where there's a
patrolling guard which is just fucking
annoying even though I'm about to pass
like right by the spot that I have to go
immediately afterwards I still have to
go out to the back of the boat
wasn't really expecting that guy to be
there but it's sort of a non-issue he'll
turn around eventually
so this guy is walking away there so the
coast is clear for me to get across and
up here and I'm just gonna wait this guy
to be right there
jump down quickly run the hell away as
long as you get down to the other side
of the roof and across here you won't
actually get detected and then you have
to go down to this little spot right
here and then you got to go do a little
eavesdropping of these men at me
requirements now ii eavesdrop in this
one actually fucked up on me so we we
had to reload and check it at the very
least this game allows you to reload
reload checkpoints and still get 100%
sing
so with that eavesdrop done I'm gonna go
we're here and I'm gonna kill this guard
that's standing here because I don't
think he ever moves and he will follow
you all over the fucking boat if he
spots you for a second what she will if
you try to pass by this way
so that's the only person I kill on the
boat besides the optional target so you
just want to shimmy along the side of
the boat and climb up make sure that
guy's walking away and get an in
position for this the first time I got
to this they had the conversation and
then the conversation ended and then the
captain we just turned and looked out
the window and then the two guys never
left or anything very well we
infuriating to dice thank you present
yourself to the green dragon test so
make sure you got your projectile of
choice ready
I guess the bow and arrow is probably
best unless there's like some super
fast-acting poison oh now so once the
East drop is done head out onto the top
here and put an arrow in him and then
jump off the boat
100% sink
you